Add v0.3.0 release notes with milestone completion checklist (#268)
RazorConsole/RazorConsole: release-notes/v0.3.0.md

- [x] [#269](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/269) - Change default TextButton FocusedColor to DeepSkyBlue1
- [x] [#270](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/270) - Change lineHeight from 1.2 to 1 in XTermPreview.tsx

## Detailed Changes

### Native AOT & Performance

- **AOT Support**:
  - Added `DynamicallyAccessedMembers` attributes to `AppHost` for AOT compiler metadata preservation ([#263](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/263))
  - Refactored `ComponentMarkupUtilities.ResolveSpinner` with safe reflection using `DynamicallyAccessedMembers` ([#263](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/263))
  - Fixed Blazor Router trimming issues with `TrimmerRootAssembly` protection ([#263](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/263))
  - Added custom `.targets` file (`RazorConsole.Core.targets`) for automatic anti-trimming protection in NuGet packages ([#263](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/263))
  - Added GitHub alerts support in Markdown component ([#263](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/263))

### Components & Rendering

- **New Components**:

>   - Added `Scrollbar` component with full customization, focus support, and embedded rendering for Tables and Panels/Borders ([#256](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/256))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Extended `Scrollable` component with scrollbar. It has full customization, focus support, and embedded rendering for Tables and Panels/Borders ([#256](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/256))
```

### Website & Documentation

- **Auto-Generated Documentation**:
  - Integrated DocFX to generate API documentation from XML comments ([#258](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/258))
  - Fixed GitHub Pages documentation rendering ([#259](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/259))
  - Added missing components to components.generated.ts ([#260](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/260))

- **Website Enhancements**:
  - Fixed xterm color rendering to support origin colors in syntax highlighting ([#265](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/265))
  - Extended Select component documentation with missing properties ([#245](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/245))
  - Fixed lineHeight from 1.2 to 1 in XTermPreview.tsx for correct component rendering ([#270](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/270))

### Build & Versioning

- Added v0.2.2 release notes to website and bumped version to 0.3.0 ([#247](https://github.com/RazorConsole/RazorConsole/pull/247))

## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to the contributors who made this release possible:

> - [**Skoreyko Misha (TeseySTD)**](https://github.com/TeseySTD) for implementing Native AOT support, the Scrollbar component, Razor syntax highlighting, TextButton color improvements, and numerous website fixes including xterm color rendering and lineHeight corrections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Skoreyko Misha (TeseySTD)**](https://github.com/TeseySTD) for implementing Native AOT support, the Scrollbar support in `Scrollable` component, Razor syntax highlighting, TextButton color improvements, and numerous website fixes including xterm color rendering and lineHeight corrections
```
